#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_test.in
#
--no-binary psycopg2

airtable-python-wrapper==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
allure-pytest==2.9.45
    # via -r requirements_test.in
allure-python-commons==2.9.45
    # via allure-pytest
anyascii==0.3.0
    # via wagtail
appnope==0.1.3
    # via ipython
arabic-reshaper==2.1.3
    # via xhtml2pdf
astroid==2.9.3
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   pytest
    #   trio
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   great-components
    #   readtime
    #   wagtail
black==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   blacken-docs
    #   ipython
blacken-docs==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
boto3==1.17.112
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-storages
botocore==1.20.112
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.0.9
    # via geventhttpclient
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.0.11
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
codecov==2.1.12
    # via -r requirements_test.in
configargparse==1.5.3
    # via locust
coverage[toml]==6.3.1
    # via
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via pyquery
dateparser==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   -r requirements_test.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
directory-api-client==24.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-ch-client==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-client-core==6.3.0
    # via
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-ch-client
    #   directory-forms-api-client
    #   directory-sso-api-client
directory-constants==21.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   great-components
directory-forms-api-client==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-healthcheck==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-sso-api-client==6.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-validators==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
django==2.2.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-ch-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-decorator-include
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-recaptcha
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   great-components
    #   sigauth
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtailfontawesome
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements_test.in
django-decorator-include==3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==2.2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via wagtail
django-formtools==2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.8.0
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-ipware==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modelcluster==5.2
    # via wagtail
django-recaptcha==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[boto3]==1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==1.5.1
    # via wagtail
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sigauth
    #   wagtail
docutils==0.17.1
    # via sphinx
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
elastic-apm==6.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==0.8.2
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-factories
faker==12.2.0
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.4.2
    # via virtualenv
flake8==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-polyfill
    #   flake8-print
    #   flake8-quotes
    #   flake8-string-format
    #   pep8-naming
flake8-blind-except==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
flake8-debugger==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
flake8-polyfill==1.0.2
    # via pep8-naming
flake8-print==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
flake8-quotes==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
flake8-string-format==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
flask==2.0.2
    # via
    #   flask-basicauth
    #   flask-cors
    #   locust
flask-basicauth==0.2.0
    # via locust
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via locust
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
future==0.18.2
    # via arabic-reshaper
geoip2==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==21.12.0
    # via
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   locust
geventhttpclient==1.5.3
    # via locust
great-components==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via gevent
gunicorn==19.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.13.0
    # via wsproto
hashids==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   wagtail
    #   xhtml2pdf
identify==2.4.9
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipdb==0.13.9
    # via -r requirements_test.in
ipython==8.0.1
    # via ipdb
iso3166==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
isort==5.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pylint
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via great-components
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via astroid
locust==2.7.3
    # via -r requirements_test.in
lxml==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyquery
markdown2==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readtime
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via ipython
maxminddb==2.2.0
    # via geoip2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   directory-ch-client
    #   directory-client-core
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via locust
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
olefile==0.46
    # via directory-validators
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via tablib
outcome==1.1.0
    # via trio
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   redis
    #   sphinx
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pep8-naming==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   directory-validators
    #   reportlab
    #   wagtail
    #   xhtml2pdf
pip-tools==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pisa==3.0.33
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.5.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   pytest
pre-commit==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pre-commit-hooks==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.27
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.0
    # via locust
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-print
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
pylint==2.12.2
    # via
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-django==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via pylint-django
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via urllib3
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
pypdf2==1.27.5
    # via xhtml2pdf
pyquery==1.4.3
    # via readtime
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   allure-pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-sugar
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-sugar==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements_test.in
python-bidi==0.4.2
    # via xhtml2pdf
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   dateparser
    #   directory-validators
    #   django
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   l18n
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via pre-commit
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via locust
readtime==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==4.1.3
    # via django-redis
regex==2022.1.18
    # via dateparser
reportlab==3.6.6
    # via xhtml2pdf
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   airtable-python-wrapper
    #   codecov
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-ch-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   geoip2
    #   locust
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
    #   wagtail
requests-mock==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements_test.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-staff-sso-client
roundrobin==0.0.2
    # via locust
ruamel-yaml==0.17.20
    # via pre-commit-hooks
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via boto3
selenium==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
sentry-sdk==0.13.5
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   airtable-python-wrapper
    #   allure-pytest
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   django-extensions
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-print
    #   flask-cors
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   html5lib
    #   jsonschema
    #   l18n
    #   mohawk
    #   python-bidi
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   virtualenv
    #   w3lib
    #   xhtml2pdf
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via trio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinxcontrib-websupport
sphinxcontrib-websupport==1.2.4
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.1.4
    # via ipython
tablib[xls,xlsx]==3.2.0
    # via wagtail
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via pytest-sugar
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   pre-commit
    #   pre-commit-hooks
    #   pylint
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   pep517
    #   pytest
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
trio==0.19.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.9.2
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   locust
    #   pylint
tzdata==2021.5
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.1
    # via dateparser
uk-postcode-utils==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
unidecode==1.3.2
    # via wagtail
urllib3[secure]==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   directory-validators
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.13.1
    # via pre-commit
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
wagtail==2.11.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-cache
    #   wagtail-factories
    #   wagtail-seo
    #   wagtailfontawesome
    #   wagtailmedia
wagtail-cache==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-factories==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-seo==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-transfer==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailfontawesome==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailmedia==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   flask
    #   locust
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==4.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
willow==1.4
    # via wagtail
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   deprecated
wsproto==1.0.0
    # via trio-websocket
xhtml2pdf==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlsxwriter==1.4.5
    # via wagtail
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
zope-event==4.5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==5.4.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
