#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--no-binary psycopg2

airtable-python-wrapper==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via wagtail
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   directory-components
    #   great-components
    #   readtime
    #   wagtail
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.24.96
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-storages
botocore==1.27.96
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery[redis]==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pyhanko
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
cryptography==40.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via pyquery
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via svglib
dateparser==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-api-client==26.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-ch-client==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-client-core==7.1.1
    # via
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-ch-client
    #   directory-forms-api-client
    #   directory-sso-api-client
directory-components==38.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==22.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-components
    #   great-components
directory-forms-api-client==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-healthcheck==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-sso-api-client==7.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-validators==9.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-ch-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-decorator-include
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-recaptcha
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   great-components
    #   sigauth
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-localize
    #   wagtailfontawesome
django-celery-beat==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-decorator-include==3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via wagtail
django-formtools==2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.16.5
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-ipware==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modelcluster==5.3
    # via wagtail
django-recaptcha==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[boto3]==1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==1.5.1
    # via wagtail
django-timezone-field==4.2.3
    # via django-celery-beat
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sigauth
    #   wagtail
docutils==0.17.1
    # via sphinx
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
elastic-apm==6.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-factories
faker==18.7.0
    # via factory-boy
geoip2==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
great-components==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hashids==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   wagtail
    #   xhtml2pdf
icalendar==5.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
iso3166==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   directory-components
    #   great-components
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
lxml==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyquery
    #   svglib
markdown2==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readtime
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via jinja2
maxminddb==2.2.0
    # via geoip2
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   directory-ch-client
    #   directory-client-core
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
olefile==0.46
    # via directory-validators
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via tablib
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
packaging==23.1
    # via sphinx
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-validators
    #   reportlab
    #   wagtail
    #   xhtml2pdf
polib==1.2.0
    # via wagtail-localize
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.15.1
    # via sphinx
pyhanko==0.18.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
pyhanko-certvalidator==0.22.0
    # via
    #   pyhanko
    #   xhtml2pdf
pypdf==3.8.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via readtime
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-bidi==0.4.2
    # via xhtml2pdf
python-crontab==2.7.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   icalendar
    #   python-crontab
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   dateparser
    #   directory-validators
    #   django
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   icalendar
    #   l18n
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via pyhanko
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via pyhanko
readtime==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==4.5.5
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
regex==2023.5.5
    # via dateparser
reportlab==3.6.13
    # via
    #   svglib
    #   xhtml2pdf
requests==2.30.0
    # via
    #   airtable-python-wrapper
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-ch-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   geoip2
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
    #   wagtail
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-staff-sso-client
s3transfer==0.6.1
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   airtable-python-wrapper
    #   click-repl
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   html5lib
    #   jsonschema
    #   l18n
    #   mohawk
    #   python-bidi
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sphinx
    #   w3lib
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinxcontrib-websupport
sphinxcontrib-websupport==1.2.4
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
svglib==1.5.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
tablib[xls,xlsx]==3.4.0
    # via wagtail
telepath==0.3
    # via wagtail
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   pypdf
    #   qrcode
    #   wagtail-localize
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   pyhanko
uk-postcode-utils==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
uritools==4.0.1
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   directory-validators
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
wagtail==2.15.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-cache
    #   wagtail-factories
    #   wagtail-localize
    #   wagtail-seo
    #   wagtail-trash
    #   wagtailfontawesome
    #   wagtailmedia
wagtail-cache==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-factories==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-localize==1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-seo==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-transfer==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-trash==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailfontawesome==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailmedia==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
willow==1.4.1
    # via wagtail
xhtml2pdf==0.2.11
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlsxwriter==3.1.0
    # via wagtail
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
